Cleanup spelling and grammar typos in documentation (#15)
smartdevicelink/sdl_server_guides: docs/User Interface/Applications/index.md

### Developer Contact Info
| Property | Definition |
|----------|---------|

> | Vendor | The name of the developer to contact in regards to this application. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Vendor | The name of the developer to contact regarding this application. |
```
There's debate whether "in/with" or "regards/regard" are correct, so "regarding" seems like the safest choice here.
